


                    [Intro]
Comp-ton
Comp-ton
Comp-ton

Real motherfucking G's...
Real motherfucking G's...
Real Motherfucking G's...

[Verse One]
Hey Yo doctor, here's another proper crack
and it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
and let that real shit provoke, so you're a wanna be 'loc
and you'll get smoked and I hope that your fans understand
when you talk about playing me, the same records that you makin' is paying me
Motherfuck Dre
Motherfuck Snoop
Motherfuck Death Row
Yo, and here comes me left blow
'cause I'm the E-A-Z-Y-E, and this is the season
to let the Real motherfucking G's in, you like a kid
you found a pup and now your dapper,
but tell me where the fuck you found, you found an anorexic rapper
talking 'bout who you go squabble with and who you shoot
you're only 60 pounds when you're wet and wearing boots
damn E, they tried to fade you on Dre Day
But Dre Day only met Eazy's pay day
all of a sudden Dr. Dre is a G thing,
but on his old album cover he was a she thing
so nigga please, nigga please don't step to this motherfuckin' real G's

Yo Dre, what's up? [bang]
Yo Dre, what's up? [bang]

Now take it to the rapper, claiming to be dapper then the Dresta,
smoother then a bitch but Dre's a rolling gangster,
ain't broke a law in your life, yet every time you rap
you rap about the guns and knifes, just take a good look
and the Nigga, and you'll capture the fact,
that the bastard is simply just an actor,
who mastered the bang and the slang and the Mental,
of niggas in Compton, Watts, and South Central
never ever once have you ran with the turf,
yet in every verse you claim you used to do the dirt,
but tell me who's a witness to your fucking work,
so you never had no business,
so save the drama jerk,
niggas straight kill me knowing that they pranksters,
this is going out to your studio gangsters,
see I did dirt, put in work, and many niggas can vouch that,
so since I got stripes I got the right to rap about that,
but niggas like you
I gotta hate you, 'cause I'm just tired of Suburbian Niggas
talking about they coming from projects
knowing you ain't seen the parts of the streets G
think you trying bang around the time of the peace treaty
wearing khackis and you mob while you rhyme, little fag tried to sag,
but he's gettin flooded at the same time,
and you set don't accept you, so you scared to kick it with your homies
'cause you know they don't respect you,
So nigga please check nuts before you step to this, motherfucking real G's

[Verse Three]
Well, it the Knocc Out, definition original baby gangster
approach me like you hard, motherfucker I'm gonna bank you
shank you, with my fucking shank, if I have to
Dr. Dre an Snoop Dogy Dogg are fucking actors
pranksters, studio gangsters, busters
but this time you're dealing with some real motherfuckers
G's, nigga please, don't try to step
because if you do, and I pill cap is all that would be left see,
young niggas like me will break you off something,
claiming my city, but Dre you ain't from Compton
Niggas like you all is what I call wanna be's
it ain't shit compared to real motherfuckin' G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
Yo Dre, What's up? [bang]
Yo Dre, what's up? [bang]

I never met an OG who never did shit wrong
you tried to dis the Eazy-E so now nigga it's on you
and you Doggy Dogg, think your all honk and shit
both of you bitches, can come and suck my Doggy's dick
beating a bitch don't make you shit, but then again some Niggas
think it makes a man, Damn it's a trip
how a Nigga could switch so quick from wearing lipstick
to smoking on Chronic at picnics, and now you think your bigger
but to me you ain't nothing but a bitch ass Nigga
who ain't worth a food stamp, but at
Death Row, I hear your gettin treated like Boot camp
gotta follow your seargents directions, or get your ass
pumped with a Smith and Wesson, learn a lesson from the E
Stay in your place and don't step to Real motherfucking G's

Yo Dre, What's up? [bang]
boy you should have known by now..
Yo Dre (what's up?) [Bang]
Boy you should have known by now...

Yo Dre (what's up?) [bang]
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy that's it....

                     
 

