


                    [Chorus: repeat 4X]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie [repeat 8X]
Let's Ride [repeat 3X]
Get High [repeat 3X]

[Verse One: Biggie, BizzyBone,KrayzieBone]
Armed and dangerous
aint too many can bang with us
straight up weed no angel
dust, label us notorious. Thug ass niggas dat love to bust, its strange to us
ya'll niggas be scramblin, gamblin
up in restaurants with mandolins and
violins. We just sittin' here tryin to win, try not to sin
high off weed and
lots of gin
so much smoke need oxygen
steadily countin' them Benjamins. Nigga
u should too, if u knew, what this game'll do to u
been in this shit since
'92
look at all the bullshit l been thru
sure caught beef with u know
who
fuck a few female stars or two
then a bluelight niggas knew like
Mike-shiiit not to be fuck wit. Muthafucka betta duck quick..cuzz me and my
dogs love to buck shit, fuck the luck shit strictly aim
go operation just to
kick da game. Spit yo' game, talk yo shit, grab yo gat, call your clicks,
squeeze your clip and hit the right one
pass dat weed l gotta light one
all
them niggas l gotta fight one
all them hoes l gotta like one
our situation is
a tight one
what u wanna do? fight or run? Seems to me dat you'll take thee,
Bone and Big nigga die slowly
l'ma tell u like a nigga told me, cash rule
everything around me. Shiiit lyrically, niggas can't see me, fuck it, buy the
coke, cook the coke, cut it, blow the bitch before u caught yourself lovin
it--nigga wit a Benz fuckin it. Doesn't it seem odd to u
Big comes thru wit
mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to da Mo' Thug dudes
who's da killa? me or you?
(We forgive you for you know not what you do)

Seven A.M. woke in da mornin' wit henn and caffiene and green and nicotine
no dough so pop a couple of dough, Lil' Rippsta..nigga mista clean, nigga
deep--deep in my tumble and now to get, sentimentally steamed, wit
my..instrumelody, and heated especially ball your team, and a 45 indeed will
beam now between da scenes destroy your dreams, you willin to die we'll
see
how many faces when l cause the scene. We mean mug, Mo' Thugs tyrin to be
perfect--disciples, when its survival told by the double edged sword triple,
six rivals spittin' fire this da real truth bitch, breakin down for lies my
messiah steady get ready for armogeddon shoot 6-5. lt's wild, bless da child,
the one dat became a man
put in positions out and we perve
all that l had to
do was stare. Test me now, contend never no surrender no pretend
pick up my
pen
and my hemp
all in my trust a friend, friend. Hey! open and lets see if
ya' real, we all suited dig bout 4 in da mornin', maybe we aint marchin' we
shootin', and then they recruitin' theirs they forgot..everyday in da ghetto,
we start em' off endin with hit em' up out with a pen and pad hit me led now
kick it......

Nigga roll wit Bone up into da dayz of ours, to the dome wit a shot or burn,
never do toss on da curb/me feelin' da urge to sperve, when l'm broke as
fucks and givin dat mossburg swerve. Up into my bag, cuz l gotta get my mask
and shells--to put in this 12 guage sawed off, get em' all off, nigga yo'
loss, take it all off, got a nigga caught doe. For the Bone and leatherface
seemin' to thug in da cut--to let da mo' how many pullin aint nothin'--bitch
if ya stick em' we buckin' em guns dats fucked up. Now lemme get down wit da
crime, gotta go purchase a dime
put in a state to get down for da
crime
smokin da reefa to ease my mind, swig some wine. Step on da block when
da rocks what will l be servin' them dummies see
gotta buck em' on down if he
come back talkin like gimme back my money. Thuggin wit me killaz, need us a
leader or lick up when niggas aint got shit
with a sawed off pump chrome 38
pistol now who ready to get bent. Nigga like me feenin' for them green
leaves, but l aint had no dough
gotta make some money so, l'm makin my dummy
rocks if l go broke.

[Chorus 2X]

[Verse Two: Layzie Bone]
Lil' Lay hey comin in a form of scripture,finna get ya and hit 
magic
droppin' down lick but l call on my gadgets, with a automatic status we
spray time to load da glocks but l'm thinkin not, there's another he forced
tellin me do what l gotta do
so l up my pipe a nigga die tonight, and l'm
alwayz waitin for da boys in blue.--Biggie boots on my ass now go'n right the
cellular phone and call Bone what's happenin'
grab a ten of real niggas start
packin', cuz a muthafucka try to get me in a jackin' and l did em'. Hit em'
right between the eyes da spot was wise wanna test a nigga's size and it cost
em'
nigga fuck around wit da wrong shit ya'll get mo' murdered all day, all
day. We done paved da way and l'm on da run
l'ma call my boys and bring all
da guns
ya'll niggas wanna have a lil' fun wit number one, one, in a red red
rum rum rum rum rum rum, wit a red red rum rum rum rum rum rum, wit a red red
rum........

[Chorus to fade]

 
 

