


                    Oh shit. I guess there's one less bitch you gotta worry about. 
Let's describe a certain female. A female with the disease of character
and attitude. If you will a snob. However in a view of NWA... 
A bitch is a bitch
So if I'm poor or rich 
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em 
It's like a disease that's plagues their character
Takin' the women of America 
And it starts with a letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me 
See, some get mad and some just bury
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear
That's why when you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit 'n die 
Ice cube comin' at you at crazy pitch
I think a bitch is a bitch 
'Who the fuck you think you're callin' a bitch you little ? muthafucka?
I dunno who the fuck you think you're talkin' to. Let me tell you one
muthafuckin' thang, I'm not a...' 
'Bitch, shut the fuck up.'
Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money 
She look good and the bitch won't phony
She ain't no dummy she's right the ...
Yo, bitch fuck when I'm driving
See a young nigga that's striving
You're thru' without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch
I guess, or ether P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby
And I bet you dis a nigga is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Write today a B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad 'cause she know it's true
But a nigga like me, I say 'fuck you'
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch
'Cause a bitch is a bitch 
'Why I gonna be a bitch?'
'I ain't call you no bitch. If you'd listen to a goddamn song it'd tell
you what a bitch is.'
'Fuck the song 'cause I'm not no muthafuckin' bitch.'
'I didn't say you was a bitch.'
'Fuck you, punk-ass nigga!'
'Fuck you, bitch!
'Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?
'Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! 
I once knew a bitch who got a slack
'Cause she playing me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me, 
Now do you fall in this category?
Or you're the kind that won't bleak
'Cause you don't think, yo, shit stinks
Luckily I haven't had a drink
'Cause I'll down you ass
Than I'll clown your ass
'Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We're all saying 'Fuck you bitch!'
Now, what I can do with a hoe like you
Been your ass over then I'm thru'
? that you see Ice Cube ain't takin' no shit
'Cause I think a bitch is a bitch 
There you have it. The description of a bitch. Now ask yourself,
are they talking about you? Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry,
scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch? Yep, you
probably are.

                     
 

