


                    Yea, I swear its like this every time
Hold on, hold on

I'm tryna eat, you tryna sleep
If you're a dog, then I'm a beast 
Royal-T go (yea) ... and T-Pain go (yea)...go

Throw me in a cage with a lion and a bear 
I'ma kill em 
That motivation I ain't lying I swear 
I'm the nigga 
I got my ear to the streets... back to the bullshit 
Am tryin to eat.. I'm on my full shit 
Hommie I cant listen to what you sayin stop talkin 
Better watch the way you talk to my clan homie start walkin 
Wait a minute 
When a nigga really get it I gotta go off I gotta prove it to 'em 
I think am Big Meech 
Larry Hoover 

I'm tryin to eat 
U tryin to sleep 
If you a dog 
Then I'm a beast ...... and the beat goes 
I know you hate it 
Here go my motivation bra 
I'm with my dogs 
Fuck us... naww nigga fuck yall .... and the beat goes 
If you know they hate it 
Let me get you motivated 

Okay I'm motivated, I'm so creative
Make hits as I spit procreation
Subzero yea I know I'm cold
But you and cool have no relation
Spit an iceburg I bet your boats gon' sink
Flow colder than no degrees 
I know you like to think that yo shit don't stink
But really you just smell like no febreeze
So open a window, let me in cuz all I do is win like I been pro
Like oh where my friends go?
They was here when I was spittin but they gone when the wind blow
Seventeen and my style's so versatile I can make em rock or get low like limbo
I'm a one man team but if you think your team goes hard 
Then my team goes flintstone
Man I spit disease I don't really care how sick you are
Ride till I die man that homicide vehicular
Particularly abrasive, elephantitis man I do it big when I ball
Eyes on my prize as I look at my goal,
And if looks could kill then id slaughter them all
Hot even when I'm not roastin, fully toasted
When I approach ya blow ya hopes up
So much game I should coach, what I do is an art
I don't rip it I kill it and tear it apart
Start world war 3 when I get on a beat, insomniac I put in work with no sleep
Even if I quit man you couldn't compete and if you got beef then shit
I'm tryna eat

I'm tryin to eat 
U tryin to sleep 
If you a dog 
Then I'm a beast ...... and the beat goes 
I know you hate it 
Here go my motivation bra 
I'm with my dogs 
Fuck us... naww nigga fuck yall .... and the beat goes 
If you know they hate it 
Let me get you motivated

                     
 

